Hello world!
How's it going?
dijdldj
sioslksl
I'm just a bot, a simple bot 
ddlkd
ddlkdldkdldk
sslkslsksl
I am a really happy bot!
I'm the happiest bot in the world, even though I don't have a face! 
It was November. Although it was not yet late, the sky was dark when I turned into Laundress Passage. Father had finished for the day,...
switched off the shop lights and closed the shutters; but so I would not come home to darkness he had left on the light over the stairs...
to the flat. Through the glass in the door it cast a foolscap rectangle of paleness onto the wet pavement, and it was while I was...
standing in that rectangle, about to turn my key in the door, that I first saw the letter. Another white rectangle, it was on the fifth...
step from the bottom, where I couldn't miss...
...it.
I closed the door and put the shop key in its usual place behind Bailey's Advanced Principles of Geometry. Poor Bailey. No one has...
wanted his fat gray book for thirty years. Sometimes I wonder what he makes of his role as guardian of the bookshop keys. I don't...
suppose it's the destiny he had in mind for the masterwork that he spent two decades...
...writing
dokdlkdldkldkdlk
...writing.
dd;kd;dkd;k
varför har vi inget bröd?
☃
The world is everything that is the case.
The world is the totality of facts, not of things.
The world is determined by the facts, and by these being all the facts.
12For the totality of facts determines both what is the case, and also all that is not the case.
For the totality of facts determines both what is the case, and also all that is not the case.
The world is all that is the case.
The world is determined by the facts, and by their being all the facts.
For the totality of facts determines what is the case, and also whatever is not the case.
The facts in logical space are the world.
The world divides into facts.
Each item can be the case or not the case while everything else remains the same.
What is the case—a fact—is the existence of states of affairs.
A state of affairs (a state of things) is a combination of objects (things).
It is essential to things that they should be possible constituents of states of affairs.
